10/14/14 Eulogy by David Kanter, Dick's son. 

Uncle Dick, husband, Brother, Grandpa Duck. Dick Kanter was known by many names but he was Dad to  Rachel and I. 

He was a kind, thoughtful, humerous man who put others before himself, yet never complained.  A wonderful storyteller. During tough times he was always there for me.   He would not want anyone worrying about him and he never wanted to be a burden to anyone. He wouldn't want anyone here to be sad today. Today is a celebration of his life. 

While his passing was too soon, my cousin Andy reminded me that he lived about 30 years longer than his parents Audrey and Martin did, and got to enjoy watching his kids grow up, and was able to play with all four of his grandchildren. 

He taught me so much about working hard. You all have heard him playing beautiful pieces in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra over his 41 year career. I grew up hearing him playing scales, running daily (often with His lifelong friend Loren) or getting in his daily 10,000 steps. 

When I was 4 years old one evening, I lost a toy Jeep in the bushes on Sheridan road between Surf and Diversey. As I cried by his side he was on his hands and knees digging through the dirt and bushes and found it for me. Since that day, He was always my hero.

Over the past year or so we would have nice conversations on my commutes to work. When I told him I would be in line at the Apple Store at 3am, he wanted pictures from the front lines. He was super curious about what the latest iPhone could do. He was amazed when I told him they had built in pedometers and finger print readers so you didn't have to remember a password. (He hated passwords.) After I got home, his email read "Did you get the big one?" He loved the gadget uncle Richard sent him that could measure his oxygen levels and would constantly read me his metrics. 

He loved the stories I told him about my adventures at Anshe Emet Day School with my 2 best friends, Zak and Stefan. One of his favorites was our enterprising kepah rental business "the  Kepah Club". 

We had fun debates about driverless cars. He was excited   about the prospect of them, but said "I'd like to see a driverless car drive over the pot-holes in 10 degree weather in Chicago when the streets are pure ice."

He had a weakness for cats and raised them as long as I could remember. When I found Cinnamon, (our cat from the 90s) he was adamant we were NOT going to take her in. But then he looked in her pretty green eyes, and she became a family member for the next decade or so.

Some advice or quotes  my Dad would often share with me:
On travel: We ain't there yet. 

There's no place like home

On Baseball: It ain't over till it's over 

On Relationships: Find someone you can live with, not live without

Philosophical : There are only 24 hours in a day. Everyone gets the same amount of time. 

If it ain't broke don't fix it

On eating out : We already got that at home 

On hairstyles : Hey man, who cut your hair?

Finance: Save yer money

On worrying about stuff: Don't paint the devil on the wall

Edward Lear - "The Jumblies" he would read to me, Rachel, and all his grandchildren. "Far & Few Far & Few are the lands where the Jumblies live. Their heads are green and their heads are blue and they went to sea in a sieve ."

And a timeless classic that I'm sure is in all your minds right now "When do we eat?"

Before I conclude I wanted to Thank Mom for taking care of Dad. Not only did she provide him with amazing care the past few years, she also had to deal with many crises that kept coming up in our 120 year old house. During Dad's stay at the hospital she got a new roof, fixed the furnace, and had the coach house converted from gas to electric. Dad was real proud of her. Thanks Mom!

Also I must thank Josephine who was like a 3rd parent Rachel and I growing up. She helped take care of my Dad, watched his diet, and helped him up the stairs when he needed assistance. 

At the end of every phone call, we told each other we loved each other. He passed knowing I was happy in my life.  I am so lucky to have had him as my Dad and will miss him dearly. 
